To Whom It May Concern,

I am very excited to write to you my application for the role of React Developer.

My keen interest in this role stems from my experience with General Assembly completing their Software Engineering Immersive Program where I underwent intense training as a full stack developer with a focus on creating responsive, user-friendly web applications using various languages and frameworks. I am highly passionate about the innovation emerging from the Tech Industry and look forward to working within a creative space. I have exceptional attention to detail as demonstrated within my previous role working for over eight years as a Graphic Designer and CAD Drafter. Regular interaction with clients and internal employees has enabled me to develop excellent communication skills, making me a great fit for this role.

General Assembly allowed me to cement my passions for Technology, they ensured I produced only quality code and ultimately introduced me to a new desire of working full-time with like-minded individuals in a fast paced environment. I am currently complimenting my studies at General Assembly with a number of online courses including a Certificate IV in Programming, Data Structures & Algorithms, Advanced JavaScript Concepts and Advanced React Native, these will ensure I continue to grow my skills and technical knowledge. 

I am proficient using ReactJS, Redux, Context, JavaScript, HTML,  and SASS as well as SQL, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, NodeJS, Postgres, MongoDB and React Native. I am also extremely confident using Adobe Illustrator and Revit. You can view my projects on lukeanton.com.

Having the opportunity to work on projects with your company would enable me to develop and flourish not only professionally but also personally. I work well with deadlines, thrive when handed a challenge but mostly love working in a creative environment as a team player. I pride myself on being a passionate, self-motivated and dedicated individual and would love the chance to share this with your organisation.

I have attached my resume for your consideration and hope to hear from you soon to further discuss the role!


Kindest regards,

Luke A Firth

0423 822 304

Working for a creative exiting company like We Discover I feel would drive me to do my best work. 
I grow fast and aim to be in a more senior role within the next 3 years.
This will be achieved by sharing what I learn along the way with others, eventually training junior devs, and leading teams. 
This approach is what excites me to work for an innovative organisation like
yours because it not only helps everyone else around me grow but accelerates my own learning pace by a significant amount 